I'll get a bit carried away oh I'm a bit
nervous tonight no I'm taking meself
yeah that's
oh no oh you're not talking to tell ya
that's the last one and you know I'm a
bit nervous then I felt halfway through
that I thought why should I be nervous I
mean yeah no seriously you get someone
like Kylie Minogue I mean when Kylie
works she should be nervous I mean she
has to work in impossibly high heeled
shoes and sorry that was involuntary a
really short miniskirt and a very nasty
wedgie
speaking of wedgies thank you oh they're
still warm
thank you now will she's had them in a
hand for a long time right hey I'm
married I'm not dead
no I'll give these back there'll be
questions asked hey Frank last time I
did that that's some of that appear in
knickers in the madina suit and I came
home and and Julian was taken to the dry
cleaning and she pulled this pair of
knickers here at the pocket she said
where'd you get these when I said aha
I got him at work I'm one of the few
guys on the planet then actually get
away with that line spread not anymore
well ladies and gentlemen mr. Chong Lim
is in the building
by love Tom he's not only a wonderful
musician and a dear dear dear friend but
it's very handy to have him in the band
because he instinctively knows well the
batteries got on the equipment it's very
handy actually he's the only one I can
read the manuals you know somebody ride
that damn there's fuel of golf that is
actually legal back I probably wrote
them I reckon he'd be the one that left
out that little rubber thing in that
screwed thank you very much I was just
having a pause there for effect this
Nick's I think you alone I love you and
all I'd like it's a matter of fact I
love you very much here you go miss Nick
song is from from now am i recorded
quite some time ago now
Corvus Queen Jack written by one of the
most talented human beings this country
has ever produced a fellow named Ross
Wilson Ross the boss this one's called
touch oh paradise
from mingoes world
and sway in peace seamless image my
trousers
with some nears hide it even a pink sky
miss fetch is right across the sky
that's all we've seen so far
and all that new
into your eyes
for that special touch of paradise
dan yogaha windy feel
just a special touch of Paris
you have
my head better wear on the weekends and
it doesn't take a long don't overbeat
get their chests
oh this 11 stitches out the crustal
layer with rainbows flesh as we walk it
in the same
and all that do
to your eyes
for that special Church of Paris
just touch it
right
just a special touch of paradise
such if spring and or chime sweet well
tree vibrate when I rise me nothing
we have been made you touch my head
and all that do is look into your eyes
that special touch
just to special touch Jerry show me show
me just touches
just a special judgeship para
just to judge a paragraph
thank you very much